Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
You're good looking in a way ...away off.
Don't you ever get tired of having you around?
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
I know you have to be somebody, but why do you have to be you?
If you said what you thought, you'd be speechless.
You think you're a wit, and you're probably half right.
Why don't you go blow your brains out, you've got nothing to lose.
If there's ever a price on your head, take it.
You were born at home, but when your mother saw you she went to the hospital.
Someday you'll go far, and I hope you stay there.
I wish I had a lower I.Q., so that I could enjoy your company.
I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who's unarmed.
Is your family happy, or do you go home at night?
You have an open mind, and a mouth to match.
I wish your parents had never met.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
If you ever need a friend, you'll have to get a dog.
You're outspoken, but not by anyone I know.
There's enough people in this world who hate you, without you working so hard to get another one.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
I don't know what makes you so screwed up, but whatever it is, it works.
You do serve at least one useful purpose in life, as a horrible example.
Are you always this stupid, or are you making a special effort today?
It's too bad stupidity isn't painful.
Thinking isn't your strong point, is it?
If I've said anything to offend you, I mean it.
I would love to insult you, but you wouldn't understand.
Why do you get up in the morning?
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
I'd explain it to you, but I don't have any crayons with me.
Do you want me to accept you as you are, or do you want me to like you?
Are you a moron, or are you possessed by a retarded ghost?
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I notice that you never let an idea interrupt the flow of your conversation.
Don't try so hard, I couldn't like you any less.
You're having delusions of competence. 
There's no God, and your idiotic human ideals are laughable.
You're a pimple on society's ass and you'll never amount to anything.
I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty headed animal food trough wiper. I fart in your general direction. Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
You're a few beers short of a six-pack.
Are you an experiment in Artificial Stupidity?
Your elevator doesn't go all the way to the top floor, does it?
You must've fallen out of the stupid tree and hit every branch on the way down.
You have a room temperature IQ.
You're not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
You're proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
The lights are on, but nobody's home.
Anyone who told you to be yourself couldn't have given you any worse advice.
Do you want me to accept you as you are, or do you want me to lie to myself and try to like you?
Don't let your mind wander; it's far too small to be let out on its own.
Don't thank me for insulting you; it was a pleasure.
Grasp your ears firmly and pull; you might just be able to remove your head from you ass.
You must always find yourself lost in thought; it's unfamiliar territory.
I can tell that you are lying; your lips are moving.
I don't mind you talking so much, as long as you don't mind me not listening.
I don't think you are a fool, but what's my opinion compared to that of thousands of others.
I don't want to make a monkey out of you. Why should I take all the credit for the one thing you've done yourself?
I know you are nobody's fool, but maybe someone will adopt you one day.
I used to think that you were a colossal pain in the neck. Now I have a much lower opinion of you.
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up your ass.
If I want shit from you, I'll squeeze your head.
I'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
Now we know why some animals eat their own children.
Pardon me, but you're obviously mistaking me for someone who gives a damn.
People would follow you anywhere ...but only out of morbid curiosity.
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
Talk is cheap, but that's ok, so are you.
You are cruelly depriving a village somewhere of an idiot.
There are several people in this world that I find unbearably obnoxious, and you are all of them.
This is an excellent time for you to become a missing person.
What you is lacking in intelligence, he more than makes up for in stupidity.
What's wrong, don't you get any attention back home?
You are not as bad as people say. You are much, much worse.
You are not even beneath my contempt.
You are not obnoxious like so many other people, you are obnoxious in a completely different and far worse way.
You grow on people ...but so does cancer.
You have an inferiority complex and it is fully justified.
You should do some soul-searching. You might just find one.
You would never be able to live down to your reputation, but I see you're doing your best.
