momma so fat when she step on the Weight Scales it says...'to be continued'...
momma so fat she once went on a seafood diet...whenever she saw food she ate it!
momma so fat she was measured at 38-26-36 and that was just the left arm.
momma so fat when I tell her to haul ass, she gotta make two trips.
momma so fat the only thing that's attracted to her is gravity.
momma so fat her graduation photo was an aerial.
momma so fat when she auditioned for a part in Raiders of the Lost Ark she got the part of the big Rolling Ball.
momma so fat her favorite food is seconds.
momma so fat her belt size is Equator.
momma so fat she wears an 'X' jacket and Copters attempt to land on her.
momma so fat she shows up on radar.
momma so fat she fell into the Grand Canyon ...and got stuck!
momma so fat her Passport photo says 'Picture is continued overleaf'.
momma so fat she's once, twice, three times a lady.
momma so fat she was in the Daily Record last week on page 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9.
momma so fat when she opens the Fridge it says: 'I give up...'
momma so fat she got a new gig at the Cinema ...she works as the screen.
momma so stupid it takes her two hours to watch 60 Minutes.
momma so stupid when you were born, she looked at your umbilical cord and said, "Wow, it comes with cable too!"
momma so stupid she got locked in the Quickie Mart and nearly starved to death.
momma so poor they put her photo on food stamps.
momma so poor burglars break into her home and leave money.
momma so poor each night she goes to KFC to lick other folk's fingers.
momma so poor she hangs the Toilet paper out to dry.
momma so old she left her purse on Noah's Ark.
momma so old when she ran the 100 metre dash, they timed her with a sundial.
momma so old when she was at school there was no history class!
momma so old she recalls when the Grand Canyon was a ditch.
momma so old her birthday expired.
momma so old she got the first copy of the Ten Commandments.
momma is a carpenter's dream: flat as a board and easy to nail.
momma like a hardware store: only 10 cents a screw.
momma like a bus: only 50 pence a ride.
momma like a 747: a 3 man cock pit!
momma like a door knob: everybody gets a turn!
momma like the sun: if you stare at her too long you're gonna go blind.
momma like a Christmas tree: everybody hangs balls on her.
momma like a bowling ball: she gets picked up, fingered, thrown into the gutter, yet she still comes back for more.
momma like a stamp: you lick her, then stick her, and finally then send her away.
momma like McDonalds: Billions and billions served.
momma like a railroad track: she gets laid all over the country.
momma like the Pillsbury dough boy: everybody loves to poke her.
momma so fat smaller fat women orbit around her.
momma so fat she fell in love... and broke it!
momma so fat she sat on a rowing machine and it sank.
momma so fat her blood type is "peanut butter".
